DOCS-11870: recommendation on max concurrency (#2024)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tuning-backpressure-maxconcurrency.adoc

<batch:job jobName="test-batch" maxConcurrency="${batch.max.concurrency}">
----

> By default, the Flow and Async scopes do not set a `maxConcurrency` limit, but the Batch Job component limits it to twice the number of available cores. The capacity of your system also limits concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Flow and Async scopes do not set a `maxConcurrency` limit, but the Batch Job component limits concurrency to twice the number of available cores. The capacity of your system also limits concurrency.
```

> == Scopes or Routers with Max Concurrency settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Components with Max Concurrency Settings
```

> The following have a max concurrency setting: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following xref:about-components.adoc[components] provide a max concurrency setting: 
```

> * Flow Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flow scope
```

> * Scatter-Gather Router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scatter-Gather router
```

* Async scope

> * Batch Job Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Batch Job scope
```

> * Parallel For Each Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parallel For Each scope
```

== Recommendation

> Unless a lower amount of concurrency is required to artificially trigger a backpressure event, the strong recommendation is to leave the default settings and do not put a value in the max concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Unless a lower concurrency is required to artificially trigger a backpressure event, use the default settings, and do not change the max concurrency value.
```

<batch:job jobName="test-batch" maxConcurrency="${batch.max.concurrency}">
----

By default, the Flow and Async scopes do not set a `maxConcurrency` limit, but the Batch Job component limits it to twice the number of available cores. The capacity of your system also limits concurrency.

== Components with Max Concurrency Settings

The following xref:about-components.adoc[components] provide a max concurrency setting: 

* Flow scope
* Scatter-Gather router
* Async scope
* Batch Job scope
* Parallel For Each scope

== Recommendation

> Unless a lower concurrency is required to artificially trigger a backpressure event, use the default settings, and do not change the max concurrency value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless a lower concurrency is required to artificially trigger a back-pressure event, use the default settings, and do not change the max concurrency value.
```
